#separator:tab
#html:false
#deck column:1
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	53	Which of the following choices isn't a cloud computing category?	Networking-as-a-Service (NaaS)	NaaS isn't a cloud computing category.		Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) | Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) | Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	60	Which of the following statements is true?	With Operating Expenses (OpEx), you are only responsible for the computing resources that you use.	With Operating Expenses (OpEx), you are only responsible for the computing resources that you use		With Operating Expenses (OpEx), you are responsible for purchasing and maintaining your computing resources. | With Capital Expenses (CapEx), you are only responsible for the computing resources that you use.	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	57	Which of the following options isn't a type of cloud computing?	Distributed cloud	A distributed cloud isn't a valid type of cloud computing		Hybrid cloud | Private cloud | Public cloud	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	52	Which of the following choices isn't a benefit of using cloud services?	Geographic isolation	You can choose to create resources in a single region; however, one of the primary advantages to cloud computing is geographic distribution.		Scalability | Disaster recovery | High availability	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	59	Which of the following statements is not true about cloud computing?	Cloud computing resources are usually limited to specific geographic regions.	Most cloud computing resources can be distributed to global data centers.		IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS are examples of cloud computing service models. | Cloud computing typically decreases your operating expenses. | Three cloud computing deployment models are public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud.	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	75	You need to purchase an Azure account before you can use any Azure resources.	False	You can use a free Azure account or a Microsoft Learn sandbox to create resources		True	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	76	In an IaaS environment, the cloud tenant is responsible for routine hardware maintenance.	False.	In an IaaS environment, the cloud provider is responsible for any hardware maintenance.		True	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	51	Which of the following can be used to manage governance across multiple Azure subscriptions?	Management groups	Management groups facilitate the hierarchical ordering of Azure resources into collections, at a level of scope above subscriptions. Distinct governance conditions can be applied to each management group, with Azure Policy and Azure role-based access controls, to manage Azure subscriptions effectively. The resources and subscriptions assigned to a management group automatically inherit the conditions applied to the management group.		Azure initiatives | Resource groups	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	56	Which of the following is a logical unit of Azure services that links to an Azure account?	Azure subscription	An Azure subscription is a logical unit of Azure services that links to an Azure account.		Management group | Resource group	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	55	Which of the following features doesn't apply to resource groups?	Resource groups can be nested.	Resource groups cannot be nested		Resources can be in only one resource group. | Role-based access control can be applied to the resource group.	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	58	Which of the following statements is a valid statement about an Azure subscription?	An Azure subscription is a logical unit of Azure services.	B. A subscription is a set of Azure services bundled together for tracking and billing purposes.		Using Azure doesn't require a subscription. | You can't have more than one subscription.	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	54	Which of the following choices would not be used to automate a CI/CD process?	Azure Boards	Azure Boards is an agile project-management tool. It would not be used to automate a CI/CD process		Azure Pipelines | GitHub Actions	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	61	Which service could help you manage the VMs that your developers and testers need to ensure that your new app works across various operating systems?	Azure DevTest Labs	Azure DevTest Labs is used to manage VMs for testing, including configuration, provisioning, and automatic de-provisioning.		Azure Test Labs | Azure Repos	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	1	What are two characteristics of the public cloud deployment model? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	Services are offered over the internet and are available to anyone who wants to purchase them | Servers and storage are owned and operated by a third-party cloud service provider	In a public cloud, services are offered over the internet and are available to anyone who wants to purchase them. A private cloud is limited to a single organization. Cloud resources, such as servers and storage, are owned and operated by a third-party cloud service provider and delivered over the internet. A private cloud consists of computing resources used exclusively by users from one business or organization.		Computing resources are used exclusively by users from one organization | Hardware is physically located in an organization's on-site datacenter	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	2	What are two characteristics of a consumption-based model? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	no upfront costs | the ability to stop paying for resources that are no longer needed	In a consumption-based model, you do not pay for anything until you start using resources, and you only pay for what you use. If you stop using a resource, you stop paying for it. High expenditures are usually associated with the purchase of the physical infrastructure, which is not needed in a consumption-based model.		requires the purchase and management of the physical infrastructure | high capital expenditures	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	3	Why is cloud computing often less expensive than on-premises datacenters? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	You are only billed for what you use	Renting compute and storage services and being billed for only what you use often lowers operating expenses. Depending on the service and the type of network bandwidth, charges can be incurred. Cloud service offerings often provide functionality that can be difficult or cost-prohibitive to deploy on-premises, especially for smaller organizations. Major cloud providers offer services around the world. Making it easy and relatively inexpensive to deploy services close to where your users reside.		Network bandwidth is free | Cloud service offerings have limited functionality | Services are only offered in a single geographic location	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	4	What is an advantage of cloud computing compared to on-premises deployments?	You can scale more quickly. 	Cloud computing allows you to scale more quickly. Owning your own CPUs and having full access in the event of an internet outage are not features of cloud computing. Working from multiple workstations is not specific to cloud computing compared to an on-premises deployment.		You own your CPUs. | You have full access in case of internet outage. | You can work from multiple workstations. 	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	6	An example of [answer choice] is automatically scaling an application to ensure that the application has the resources needed to meet customer demands.	elasticity	Elasticity refers to the ability to scale resources as needed, such as during business hours, to ensure that an application can keep up with demand, and then reducing the available resources during off-peak hours. Agility refers to the ability to deploy new applications and services quickly. High availability refers to the ability to ensure that a service or application remains available in the event of a failure. Geo-distribution makes a service or application available in multiple geographic locations that are typically close to your users.		agility | high availability | geo-distribution	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	8	Increasing the capacity of an application by adding additional virtual machine is called [answer choice].	horizontal scaling	Scaling horizontally increases compute capacity by adding instances of resources, such as adding virtual machines to the configuration. You scale vertically to increase compute capacity by adding RAM or CPUs to a virtual machine. Agility refers to the ability to deploy new applications and services quickly. High availability minimizes downtime when things go wrong.		vertical scaling | high availability | agility	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	9	In which two deployment models are customers responsible for managing operating systems that host applications? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	infrastructure as a service (IaaS) | on-premises	Operating systems are managed by customers when using IaaS or an on-premises deployments. The operating systems are not accessible in PaaS and SaaS deployments.		software as a service (SaaS) | platform as a service (PaaS)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	10	Which cloud service model provides you with the most control over the hardware that runs applications?	infrastructure as a service (IaaS)	IaaS is the most flexible category of cloud services. It aims to give you complete control over the hardware that runs applications. Users do not control the operating system and do not configure the underlying servers in PaaS. With SaaS, you are using as-is software hosted in the cloud, instead of creating a platform to host a software yourself.		platform as a service (PaaS) | software as a service (SaaS)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	11	In which cloud service model is the customer responsible for managing the operating system?	Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)	IaaS consists of virtual machines and networking provided by the cloud provider. The customer is responsible for the OS and applications. The cloud provider is responsible for the OS in PaaS and SaaS.		platform as a service (PaaS) | software as a service (SaaS)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	12	Your organization is building a custom application.You need to focus on application development rather than configuration and management of servers.Which cloud service model should you use?	platform as a service (PaaS)	With PaaS, users can focus on application development because the cloud provider handles all the platform management. In SaaS, the cloud provider manages all aspects of the application environment, such as virtual machines, networking resources, data storage, and applications. IaaS is the closest service model to managing physical servers.		software as a service (SaaS) | infrastructure as a service (IaaS)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	13	Which cloud service model is used by Azure SQL Database?	platform as a service (PaaS)	Azure SQL Database is a PaaS database engine.		software as a service (SaaS) | infrastructure as a service (IaaS)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	14	What uses the infrastructure as a service (IaaS) cloud service model?	Azure virtual machines	Azure Virtual Machines is an IaaS offering. The customer is responsible for the configuration of the virtual machine as well as all operating system configurations. Azure App Services and Azure Cosmos DB are PaaS offerings. Microsoft Office 365 is a SaaS offering.		Azure App Services | Microsoft Office 365 | Azure Cosmos DB	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	15	Which two factors affect Azure costs? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	resource location | resource usage	Usage meters, such as CPU time, disk size, and write operations, are used to calculate your bill for an Azure resource. Deleting or deallocating a resource means that you will no longer be billed for it. Different regions can have different associated prices. Resources cost the same no matter the time of day or the day of the week.		availability zone selection | date and time of use	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	16	You need to compare the costs of running an application in an on-premises datacenter with the costs of running the application in Azure.What should you use to assist you?	Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator	The TCO Calculator helps you estimate the cost savings over time of operating a solution in Azure compared to operating in an on-premises datacenter.		Azure Pricing calculator | Azure Advisor | Azure Cost Management	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	17	Your organization plans to deploy several production virtual machines that will have consistent resource usage throughout the year.What can you use to minimize the costs of the virtual machines without reducing the functionality of the virtual machines?	Azure Reservations	Azure Reservations offers discounted prices on certain Azure services. Azure Reservations can save you up to 72 percent compared to pay-as-you-go prices. To receive a discount, you can reserve services and resources by paying in advance.Spending limits can suspend a subscription when the spend limit is reached.		Azure Monitor alerts | spending limits	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	18	What can you use to ensure that new and existing Azure resources stay in compliance with corporate standards?	Azure Policy	Azure Policy is a service in Azure that enables you to create, assign, and manage policies that control or audit resources. These policies enforce different rules across all resource configurations so that the configurations stay compliant with corporate standards.		resource locks | resource tags | Azure Advisor	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	19	You need to ensure that multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled on accounts with write permissions in an Azure subscription.  What should you implement?	Azure Policy	Azure Policy is a service in Azure that enables you to create, assign, and manage policies that control or audit resources.		resource tags | Cloud Adoption Framework | resource locks	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	20	What allows you to orchestrate the deployment of resource templates, Azure Policy assignments, and resource groups?	Azure Blueprints			Azure Functions | Azure App Services | Azure Cognitive Services	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	21	What can you use to ensure that a development team can only create virtual machines of a certain size?	Azure Policy	Azure Policy enables you to define both individual policies and groups of related policies called initiatives. Azure Policy evaluates your resources and highlights resources that are not compliant with the policies you created. Azure Policy can also prevent noncompliant resources from being created.		Cloud Adoption Framework | Conditional Access | Azure Blueprints	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	22	Which management layer accepts requests from any Azure tool or API and enables you to create, update, and delete resources in an Azure account?	Azure Resource Manager (ARM)	ARM is the deployment and management service for Azure. It provides a management layer that enables you to create, update, and delete resources in an Azure account.		Azure management groups | Azure CLI | Azure Sphere	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	23	Which two tools are accessible via Azure Cloud Shell and allows you to write Bash scripts to manage an Azure environment?	Azure PowerShell | Azure CLI	Azure CLI is an executable program with which a user can execute commands in Bash that call the Azure REST API. Azure Cloud Shell also supports Azure PowerShell as an executable program.		Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates | Azure Repos	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	24	Which two tools can you use to create a new Azure virtual machine from a mobile device that runs Android? Each correct answer presents complete solution.	the Azure portal | PowerShell in Azure Cloud Shell	The Azure portal can run on devices that have the Android operating system installed. The browser can be any type, such as Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Firefox, or Safari (all the latest versions). When you visit the portal, you will see Cloud Shell. Users can then access Bash and PowerShell from within Cloud Shell. You can use Bash and PowerShell to create Azure virtual machines.		SSH | Remote Desktop	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	25	What provides recommendations to reduce the cost of Azure resources?	Azure Advisor	Azure Advisor analyzes the account usage and makes recommendations based on its set and configured rules.		Microsoft Defender for Cloud | Azure Dashboard | Azure Service Health	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	26	Which Azure service evaluates Azure resources and makes recommendations to help improve reliability, security, performance, and cost reduction?	Azure Advisor	Azure Advisor evaluates Azure resources and makes recommendations to help improve reliability, security, and performance, achieve operational excellence, and reduce costs.		Azure Monitor | Azure Service Health | Log Analytics	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	27	You need to be notified when there are new recommendations for reducing Azure costs.  Which tool should you use?	Azure Advisor	Azure Advisor evaluates Azure resources and makes recommendations to help improve reliability, security, and performance, achieve operational excellence, and reduce costs.		Azure Monitor | Log Analytics | Azure Service Health	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	28	You need to create a custom solution that uses thresholds to trigger autoscaling functionality to scale an app up or down to meet user demand.  What should you include in the solution?	Azure Monitor	Azure Monitor is a platform that collects metric and logging data, such as CPU percentages. The data can be used to trigger autoscaling.		Application insights | Azure Service Health | Azure Advisor	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	29	What can you use to get notification about an outage in a specific Azure region?	Azure Service Health	Service Health notifies you of Azure-related service issues, such as region-wide downtime.		Azure Advisor | Azure Security Center | Azure Monitor	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	30	Which Azure service can generate an alert if virtual machine utilization is over 80% for five minutes?	Azure Monitor	Azure Monitor is a platform for collecting, analyzing, visualizing, and alerting based on metrics. Azure Monitor can log data from an entire Azure and on-premises environment.		Azure Policy | Azure Service Health | Azure Advisor	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	31	What can you use to find information about planned maintenance for Azure services that are critical to your organization?	Azure Service Health	You can drill down to the affected services, regions, and details to show how an event will affect you and what you must do. Most of these events occur without any impact to you and will not be shown. In a rare case that a reboot is required, Service Health allows you to choose when to perform the maintenance to minimize the downtime		Azure Advisor | Azure Monitor | Log Analytics	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	32	[Answer choice] is the logical container used to combine and organize Azure resources.	a resource group	Resources are combined into resource groups, which act as a logical container into which Azure resources like web apps, databases, and storage accounts, are deployed and managed.		a management group | an Azure region | Azure Resource Manager (ARM)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	33	[Answer choice] are physically separate datacenters within an Azure region.	Availability zones	Availability zones are physically separate datacenters within an Azure region. Each availability zone is made up of one or more datacenters equipped with independent power, cooling, and networking.		Resource groups | Geographies | Region pairs	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	34	Which Azure component allows you to replicate resources across a geography to ensure business continuity during a natural disaster at the primary site?	region pairs	Region pairs allow the replication of Azure resources across geographies to help ensure that a secondary region is available in case of any disaster at the primary region.		availability zones | availability sets | Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	35	[Answer choice] is the deployment and management service for Azure.	Azure Resource Manager (ARM)	ARM is the deployment and management service for Azure. It provides a management layer that enables you to create, update, and delete resources in an Azure subscription. You use management features, such as access control, resource locks, and resource tags, to secure and organize resources after deployment.		Azure AD | Azure API Management | Azure Monitor	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	36	Which two Azure resources can make use of availability zones? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	virtual machines | Azure SQL databases	Availability zones are primarily for virtual machines, managed disks, load balancers, and SQL databases.		Azure subscriptions | resource groups	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	37	Which Azure compute service can you use to deploy and manage a set of identical virtual machines?	Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets	Virtual Machine Scale Sets are an Azure compute resource that you can use to deploy and manage and scale a set of identical virtual machines.		availability sets | availability zones | Azure Container Instances	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	38	What can you use to execute code in a serverless environment?	Azure Functions	Azure Functions allows you to run code as a service without having to manage the underlying platform or infrastructure. Azure Logic Apps is similar to Azure Functions, but uses predefined workflows instead of developing your own code.		Azure Virtual Desktop | Azure Container Instances | Azure Logic Apps	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	39	Which scenario is a use case for a VPN gateway?	connecting an on-premises datacenter to an Azure virtual network	A VPN gateway is a type of virtual network gateway. Azure VPN Gateway instances are deployed to a dedicated subnet of a virtual network. You can use them to connect on-premises datacenters to virtual networks through a Site-to-Site (S2S) VPN connection.		partitioning a virtual network's address space | communicating between Azure resources | filtering outbound network traffic	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	40	What can you use to connect Azure resources, such as Azure SQL databases, to an Azure virtual network?	service endpoints	Service endpoints are used to expose Azure services to a virtual network, providing communication between the two. ExpressRoute is used to connect an on-premises network to Azure. NSGs allow you to configure inbound and outbound rules for virtual networks and virtual machines. Peering allows you to connect virtual networks together.		ExpressRoute | network security groups (NSGs) | peering	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	41	Which two services can you use to establish network connectivity between an on-premises network and Azure resources? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	Azure VPN Gateway | ExpressRoute	ExpressRoute connections and Azure VPN Gateway are two services that you can use to connect an on-premises network to Azure. Bastion provides a web interface to remotely administer Azure virtual machines by using SSH/RDP. Azure Firewall is a stateful firewall service used to protect virtual networks.		Azure Bastion | Azure Firewall	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	42	What can you use to provide Mac and Android users with access to a Windows environment that will run Windows-based applications?	Azure Virtual Desktop	Azure Virtual Desktop is a desktop and application virtualization service that runs in the cloud. It enables your users to use a cloud-hosted version of Windows from any location. Azure Virtual Desktop works across devices such as Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and Linux. It works with apps that you can use to access Remote Desktops and apps. You can also use most modern browsers to access Azure Virtual Desktop-hosted experiences.		Azure Container Instances | Azure Functions | Azure Logic Apps	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	43	What are two services that allow you to run applications in containers? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	Azure Container Instances | Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)	Containers are a virtualization environment. Much like running multiple virtual machines on a single physical host, you can run multiple containers on a single physical or virtual host. Unlike virtual machines, you do not manage the operating system for a container.		Azure Logic Apps | Azure Functions	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	44	Which Azure Storage service should you use to store unstructured files, such as images, that will be served on webpages?	Azure Blob storage	Azure Blob storage is an object storage solution that you can use to store massive amounts of unstructured data, such as text or binary data.		Azure Queue Storage | Azure Disk Storage | Azure Table storage	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	45	Which two protocols are used to access Azure file shares? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	Server Message Block (SMB) | Network File System (NFS)	Azure Files offers fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible via industry-standard SMB and NFS protocols.		FTP | HTTP	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	46	What enables a user to sign in one time and use that credential to access multiple resources and applications from different providers?	single sign-on (SSO)	SSO enables a user to sign in one time and use that credential to access multiple resources and applications from different providers. MFA is a process whereby a user is prompted during the sign-in process for an additional form of identification. Conditional Access is a tool that Azure AD uses to allow or deny access to resources based on identity signals. Azure AD supports the registration of devices.		multi-factor authentication (MFA) | Conditional Access | device management	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	47	What Azure AD feature can you use to configure security authentication that requires users to use their mobile phone to sign in?	multi-factor authentication (MFA)	MFA is the concept of requiring something more than only a password to sign in to an application. You can use the mobile phone to receive a phone call, text, or a code to get authenticated.		Microsoft Defender for Cloud | Microsoft Entra Verified ID | Azure Information Protection (AIP)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	48	What Azure AD feature can you use to ensure that users can only access Microsoft Office 365 applications from approved client applications?	Conditional Access	Conditional Access allows administrators to control, allow, or deny access to resources based on certain signals. You can require that access to certain applications only be allowed if the users are using an approved client application. MFA is a process whereby a user is prompted during the sign-in process for an additional form of identification. Examples include a code on their mobile phone or a fingerprint scan.		single sign-on (SSO) | Azure role-based access control (RBAC) | multi-factor authentication (MFA)	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	49	What can you use to sync identities from an on-premises Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) domain to Azure AD?	Azure AD Connect	Azure AD Connect syncs user identities from an on-premises Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) domain to Azure AD. Azure AD Connect  allows you to use features such as single sign-on (SSO), MFA, and self-service password reset (SSPR) in both systems. SSPR prevents users from using known compromised passwords.		Azure Resource Manager ARM | Conditional Access | Azure Key Vault	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	50	What can you use to ensure that users authenticate by using multi-factor authentication (MFA) when they attempt to sign in from a specific location?	Conditional Access	Conditional Access can use signals to determine information about authentication attempts, and then determine whether to block access or require additional verifications, such as MFA.		Azure role-based access control (RBAC) | single sign-on (SSO) | administrative units	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	7	In cloud computing, [answer choice] allows you to deploy applications to regional datacenters around the world.	geo-location	You can deploy apps and data to regional datacenters around the globe, thereby ensuring that your customers always have the best performance in their region. This is referred to as geo-distribution.		high availability | disaster recovery | elasticity	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	62	Cloud computing is the delivery of computing services using a pay-as-you-go pricing model.   Which of the following statements are true of the pay-as-you-go pricing model? Select all options that apply.	You rent compute power and storage from someone else's datacenter | You can immediately stop paying for resources that are no longer needed	Instead of maintaining CPUs and storage in your datacenter, you rent them for the time that you need them. The cloud provider takes care of maintaining the underlying infrastructure for you. You can treat cloud resources like you would resources in your own datacenter. When you are finished using them, you give them back. You are only billed for what you use.		You rent physical hardware such as compute power and storage and maintain them within your own datacenter | You must pay a fixed fee in advance for all Cloud services	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	63	Cloud Computing provides several benefits over a physical environment. Which of the following are benefits of cloud computing?   Select all options that apply.	High availability | Agility | Elasticity	High availability: Depending on the service-level agreement (SLA) that you choose, your cloud-based applications can provide a continuous user experience with no apparent downtime even when things go wrong.Agility: Cloud-based resources can be deployed and configured quickly as your application requirements change.Elasticity: Cloud-based applications can be configured to take advantage of autoscaling, so your applications will always have the resources they need.		Full control	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	64	Which of the following options is not defined as a type of cloud deployment model?	Distributed cloud	A distributed cloud is not a valid type of cloud computing. Distributed computing divides a single task among multiple computers that are connected via a network to achieve the task faster.		Private cloud | Hybrid cloud | Public cloud	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	65	True or False? The Azure Portal updates continuously and requires no downtime for maintenance activities.	True	The Azure portal updates continuously and requires no downtime for maintenance activities. This configuration makes the Azure portal resilient to individual datacenter failures and avoids network slowdowns by being close to users.		False	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	66	True or False?   Serverless computing enables developers to build applications faster by eliminating the need for them to manage infrastructure.	True	Serverless computing enables developers to build applications faster by eliminating the need for them to manage infrastructure.  With serverless applications, the cloud service provider automatically provisions, scales, and manages the infrastructure required to run the code.		False	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	67	True or False?   The Azure Marketplace is a service on Azure specific to Microsoft Products.	False	The Azure Marketplace is a service on Azure that helps connect end-users with Microsoft partners, independent software vendors (ISVs), and start-ups that are offering solutions and services which are optimized to run on Azure.  Azure Marketplace allows customers to find, try, purchase, and provision applications and services from hundreds of leading service providers, all certified to run on Azure.		True	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	68	Azure provides four main types of storage services. One of these services Azure Blob storage provides for which of the following.	Storage service for very large objects such as video files or bitmaps.	Azure Blob storage provides storage service for very large objects such as video files or bitmaps.		A data store for queuing and reliably delivering messages between applications. | File shares that you can access and manage like a file server. | A NoSQL store that hosts unstructured data independent of any schema	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	69	Which tool can you use to assist in creating custom Dashboards that will help in graphically organizing your resources in Azure?	Azure Portal	With the Azure portal, you can build, manage, and monitor everything from simple web apps to complex cloud deployments. Create custom dashboards for an organized view of resources and configure accessibility options for an optimal experience.		Azure Marketplace	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	70	True or False? To create and use Azure services, you need an Azure subscription.	True	To create and use Azure services, you need an Azure subscription.		False	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	71	Cloud computing provides computing services over the internet using a pay-as-you-go pricing model. With this model you typically only pay for the cloud services you use. Which of the following are benefits of the pay-as-you-go pricing model?   Select all that apply.	Lower operating costs. | You can scale as your business needs to change. | You can run your infrastructure more efficiently.			a | b	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	72	In your opinion which of the following statements is true?	You need to create an Azure account, and a subscription will be created for you. Once you've created an Azure account, you are free to create additional subscriptions	Once you create an Azure account, a subscription will be created for you and you are then free to create additional subscriptions.		You need to create an Azure subscription and an account will be created for you. Once you've created an Azure subscription you are free to create additional Accounts.	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	73	Microsoft offers an Azure Free Account to allow customers to test out various features of their cloud services. To sign up for a free account you are required to provide which of the following? Select all options that apply.	GitHub or Microsoft account username | Phone number | A valid credit card			A non-refundable deposit	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	74	Cloud computing provides computing services over the internet using a pay-as-you-go pricing model. Typically, you only pay for the cloud services you use. This pricing model can benefit a company in which of the following ways? Select all the options that apply.	Operate a more efficient infrastructure | Lower their operating costs | Dynamically scale as your business requirement change	In cloud computing you typically pay only for cloud services you use, which can help you run your infrastructure more efficiently.In cloud computing you typically pay only for cloud services you use, which helps you lower your operating costs.In cloud computing you typically pay only for cloud services you use, which can help you scale as your business needs change.		Provides a guaranteed annual fixed cost	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	77	What is an Azure Storage account named storage001 an example of?	a resource	A resource is a manageable item that is available through Azure. Virtual machines, storage accounts, web apps, databases, and virtual networks are examples of resources.		a resource group |  a subscription |  a resource manager	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	78	Which Azure resource is a software emulation of a physical computer that includes a virtual processor, memory, storage, and networking resources?	a virtual machine	Virtual machines are software emulations of physical computers. They include a virtual processor, memory, storage, and networking resources. Virtual machines host an operating system, and you can install and run software just like on a physical computer.		an App Service | a function | a container	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	79	Which Azure Blob storage tier stores data offline and offers the lowest storage costs and the highest costs to access data?	Archive	The Archive storage tier stores data offline and offers the lowest storage costs, but also the highest costs to rehydrate and access data. The Hot storage tier is optimized for storing data that is accessed frequently. Data in the Cool access tier can tolerate slightly lower availability, but still requires high durability, retrieval latency, and throughput characteristics similar to hot data.		Hot | Cool	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	80	Which two scenarios are common use cases for Azure Blob storage? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	serving images or documents directly to a browser | storing data for backup and restore	Low storage costs and unlimited file formats make blob storage a good location to store backups and archives. Blob storage can be reached from anywhere by using an internet connection. Azure Disk Storage provides disks for Azure virtual machines. Azure Files supports mounting file storage shares.		hosting ASPX files for a website | mounting a file storage share to be accessed as a virtual drive on multiple virtual machines	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	81	Which Azure Blob storage service tier has the highest storage costs and the fastest access times for reading and writing data?	Hot	The Hot tier is optimized for storing data that is accessed frequently. The Cool access tier has a slightly lower availability SLA and higher access costs compared to hot data, which are acceptable trade-offs for lower storage costs. Archive storage stores data offline and offers the lowest storage costs, but also the highest costs to rehydrate and access data.		Cool | Archive	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	82	What is the purpose of defense in depth?	to use several layers of protection to prevent information from being accessed by unauthorized users	The objective of defense in depth is to use several layers of protection to prevent information from being accessed or stolen by unauthorized users.		to enable you to locate and act on resources that are associated with specific workloads, environments, business units, and owners | to manage policies that control or audit resources so that the configurations stay compliant with corporate standards | to evaluate resources and make recommendations to help improve reliability and performance	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	83	What can you use to allow a user to manage all the resources in a resource group?	Azure role-based access control (RBAC)	Azure RBAC allows you to assign a set of permissions to a user or group. Resource tags are used to locate and act on resources associated with specific workloads, environments, business units, and owners. Resource locks prevent the accidental change or deletion of a resource. Key Vault is a centralized cloud service for storing an application secrets in a single, central location.		resource tags | resource locks | Azure Key Vault	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	84	Which type of strategy uses a series of mechanisms to slow the advancement of an attack that aims to gain unauthorized access to data?	defense in depth	A defense in depth strategy uses a series of mechanisms to slow the advancement of an attack that aims to gain unauthorized access to data. The principle of least privilege means restricting access to information to only the level that users need to perform their work. A DDoS attack attempts to overwhelm and exhaust an application's resources. The perimeter layer is about protecting an organization's resources from network-based attacks.		least privileged access | distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) | perimeter	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	85	Which two services are provided by Azure AD? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	authentication | single sign-on (SSO)	Azure AD provides services for verifying identity and access to applications and resources. SSO enables you to remember a single username and password to access multiple applications and is available in Azure AD.		data encryption | name resolution	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	86	You have an Azure virtual machine that is accessed only between 9:00 and 17:00 each day.What should you do to minimize costs but preserve the associated hard disks and data?	Deallocate the virtual machine.	If you have virtual machine workloads that are used only during certain periods, but you run them every hour of every day, then you are wasting money. These virtual machines are great candidates to deallocate when not in use and start back when required to save compute costs while the virtual machines are deallocated.		Delete the virtual machine. | Resize the virtual machine. | Implement Privileged Identity Management.	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	87	What can you use to restrict the deployment of a virtual machine to a specific location?	Azure Policy	Azure Policy can help to create a policy for allowed regions, which enables you to restrict the deployment of virtual machines to a specific location.		Azure AD | resource locks | resource groups	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	88	What can you use to define the resources you want to provision in a declarative JSON format?	Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates	By using ARM templates, you can describe the resources you want to use in a declarative JSON format.		Azure PowerShell | Azure CLI | Azure Repos	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	89	You have a team of Linux administrators that need to manage the  resources in Azure. The team wants to use the Bash shell to perform the  administration.	Azure CLI	Azure CLI allows you to use the Bash shell to perform administrative tasks. Bash is used in Linux environments, so a Linux administrator will probably be more comfortable performing command-line administration from Azure CLI.		Azure Powershell | Azure Resource Manager (ARM) template | Azure Blueprint	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	90	What should you proactively review and act on to avoid service interruptions, such as service retirements and breaking changes?	health advisories	Health advisories are issues that require that you take proactive action to avoid service interruptions, such as service retirements and breaking changes. Service issues are problems such as outages that require immediate actions.		service issues | application insights | Azure monitor	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	91	What are two basic services provided by all cloud providers? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	compute | storage	All cloud providers provide compute and storage services. Colocation is when a business rents space in a shared physical datacenter. Application development is the responsibility of the customer and is typically done either in-house or through a third party.		application development | colocation	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	92	Which two characteristics are common advantages of cloud computing? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.	high availability | geo-distribution	Cloud-based apps can provide a continuous user experience with no apparent downtime, even when things go wrong. You can deploy apps and data to regional datacenters around the globe, thereby ensuring that your customers always have the best performance in their region. Apps in cloud computing can scale vertically and horizontally. In a public cloud model, you do not get physical access to servers, as they are managed by the cloud provider.		elimination of horizontal scaling | physical access to servers	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	93	Which cloud deployment model are you using if you have servers physically located at your organization’s on-site datacenter, and you migrate a few of the servers to the cloud?	hybrid cloud	A hybrid cloud is a computing environment that combines a public cloud and a private cloud by allowing data and applications to be shared between them.		public cloud | private cloud	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	94	Deploying and configuring cloud-based resources quickly as business requirements change is called [answer choice].	agility	Agility means that you can deploy and configure cloud-based resources quickly as app requirements change. Scalability means that you can add RAM, CPU, or entire virtual machines to a configuration. Elasticity means that you can configure cloud-based apps to take advantage of autoscaling, so apps always have the resources they need. High availability means that cloud-based apps can provide a continuous user experience with no apparent downtime, even when things go wrong.		scalability | elasticity | high availability	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	95	What are cloud-based backup services, data replication, and geo-distribution features of?	a disaster recovery plan	Disaster recovery uses services, such as cloud-based backup, data replication, and geo-distribution, to keep data and code safe in the event of a disaster.		an elastic application configuration | a cost reduction plan | a hybrid cloud deployment	
Practice Assessment for Exam AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals	96	What is the customer responsible for in a software as a service (SaaS) model?	data and access	SaaS allows you to pay to use an existing application on hardware managed by a third party. You supply data and configure access. Customers are only responsible for storage in a private cloud. Customers are responsible for virtual machines and runtime in IaaS and the private cloud.		virtual machines | runtime | storage	
